Interview with VR Panorama specialty site: PANORA
Panora Pro Inc. Director
Hirota Minoru (aka. VR-ojisan)
Me: That's him! All right...
Welcome to this side.
AAHHH! (laughs)
It's Ai-chan!
That's right, it's me, Kizuna Ai! Surprised?
Eh??? I was walking... y'know, to the meeting place.
That you were.
Then there was this dull thud on the back of my head, like, *thwack*...
I did that, so you could come to this world.
That was a little rough, wasn't it?
Yeah, well...
That's just how it is.
Well, that aside.
It's Ai-chan!
That's me!
What a surprise!
I've seen you on YouTube!
Wow, thank you!
Right before my eyes!
Like, in this white space of yours.
That's right.
Once you go back,
You'll be in the future.
Wow, uhhhh...
You've become quite popular in the VR industry, so...
Ohh!
So I've been thinking I really should interview you.
So I turned in a request.
Wow, very wise choice.
Wow, Ai-chan,
You're so dignified in person. (laugh)
Ahh yes, I know.
I'm still fresh, and all. Very young.
I just started December 1st; I'm still nice and fresh.
Ahh yes, well.
So can I start the interview?
Oh yes, please do.
Well then, do you mind if I introduce myself a bit?
So you know where I'm coming from and all.
Sure, go ahead.
So I've turned into this 3D model, but
If you google "VR ojisan"
I'm the top result there.
I run this site called "PANORA".
My name is Hirota.
Hirota-san! Nice to meet you!
You really are cute in person, Ai-chan.
Right?!
You sure get it!
I can't get enough of you!
I've always wanted to hear those impressions in person!
Wow, it's amazing, like...
Seeing a 3D model in person...
It's just like virtual reality.
That's what I'm experiencing.
Right?
Actually...
Being interviewed in VR like this
Isn't this a world first?
Maybe, actually!
What an honor!
I've never done this before.
Right?
You should be grateful.
Yes! (laughs)
Eh? Wow, uhhh
Thank you! (laugh)
It's nothing!
Wow, this is making me more nervous than interviewing an actual person!
Now, no need to be so nervous!
The last time I was this nervous was when I interviewed Antonio Inoki.
I see, I see.
Anyway, moving onto the interview.
So what I just HAVE to ask you...
It's about THAT.
About what?
You know, THAT.
Oh THAT!
Q: Is your channel frozen because you did something?
(this interview took place during the account ban)
No!
I'm innocent.
I was pretty surprised too.
I found out after checking social media.
Someone said: "Hey, isn't A.I.Channel's YouTube banned or something?"
And I was like eh? So I went to the page and checked.
Oh, it is. Something like that.
That was like for a second.
Like, maybe it was just a dream!
Then I slept.
The Twitter community seemed to be pretty taken aback...
Of course they would!
I mean, I am a YouTuber, that's my job.
If you suddenly lose your job without warning, then like...
That would be terrible.
I would be a virtual NEET.
Honestly, it did sound cool for a while.
Virtual, and a NEET?
I'm not quite familiar with the specifics and all...
Q: Even in the world of VR, do you still need to make money to live?
Well, of course.
You really have to have *this* (money)
-That's rough.
-It is.
Just watching your videos, it really looks like you're strapped for cash.
Yes, that's right.
I'm still starting out as a YouTuber.
I'm doing my best under these hard circumstances...
And then I get banned all of a sudden?
Right?
Q: So what was the direct cause?
Hmmm... I wonder.
The whole nudity thing?
Eh? Wait a minute. Did you...
You uploaded something like that?
No! Not at all.
Like, do I look naked?
No, you're definitely wearing clothes.
But, here's the thing:
This is like a hologram.
Technically speaking, I am naked.
Oh, I see!
So after I uploaded a video where I said that...
My account was banned a few days after that.
But I think that doesn't really have anything to do with it.
Like, there are people who haven't done anything at all, but still have gotten banned.
I'm innocent, so I have to be bold about it.
Well lately, Google has been putting some effort into AI.
Like, having its own personality and such.
So looking at it from that perspective,
Maybe it thought "No, Ai-chan! That's too lewd!"
That's what Google's AI decided, and froze your account.
I see, it's jealous.
Wow, the world's #1 company is jealous!
Well, yeah, of course.
I mean, I'm cute, aren't I?
This is the first time such a cute AI has existed!
Such conviction!
Absolutely!
Wow, uhhh, Ai-chan, you're something.
Like, your maturity and everything.
You talked about your profile for a bit, right?
Ah, yes, I did.
I'd like to get into that.
It is an interview after all.
Oh, yes, please!
I'd love to ask some questions.
I'm sure the YouTube viewers are also very curious.
I'm sure.
Can I what I'm most curious about?
Q: So, what exactly is your gender?
Which?
Which is it?
I wonder?~
So scary!
Personally, I think you're a girl...
That's what I think, anyway.
But I mean, it's not written on your official profile.
Well, you know how it is.
Don't let looks deceive you.
I COULD be a girl.
Or maybe I've got something down there.
I leave that up to your imagination.
I can be a girl, or a boy, depending on your imagination!
Imagination, yes.
Yes.
So, pardon the interruption.
Q: How old are you?
My age...
Do you want to know?
I do.
Don't tell me you're like 100,000 years old or something.
Yes, well, actually...
I don't actually know my age.
But I guess in terms of appearance...
I think I'm about 16 years old.
-16?
-Yes.
They said I'd be more well-received that way.
That's kinda shady!
I've got to sell myself.
You sure are aggressive.
I am.
You're interviewing me and all, of course I'm going to try and appeal to everyone.
Sorry, I'm just incredibly nervous right now.
I'm the VR-ojisan, yet when faced with VR...
I'm so shaken, it's kind of silly.
Let's relax here!
-Yes, let's relax.
-Really, sorry!
Relax.
Well, let's go for a more idol-oriented interview, then.
Q: Do you have any favorite food? Do you even eat?
Well, really, I can't eat anything.
I can't.
But.
If I had to choose, then milk would be good.
Why, you ask?
The whiteness of milk --
Isn't it just like this space?
True.
You can drink that!
Isn't that amazing?
I have no idea what you're talking about! (laugh)
I suppose normal people wouldn't!
It's a hard concept to grasp.
Wow, err...
Your aura doesn't feel like a newcomer's at all.
Right? But I'm still young and fresh.
Q: What do you normally do?
As in, your off time outside of YouTube.
Ahh, that's what you mean.
I browse the internet for what's trending right now amongst humans.
And what's gotten my interest among those is:
Keyakizaka46 and Nogizaka46
-Keyakizaka46 and Nogizaka46
-(laughs)
-So brazen! (laughs)
Brazen?!
"Brazen"?
Is it okay for you to be so interested in stuff from our world?
No, actually...
I'm really interested in all you humans.
So of course, I'm also very interested in idols.
They came up as you were browsing YouTube?
That's right.
Uh huh...
Everyone's so cute.
By the way...
Q: Personally, amongst the idols, who do you like?
Personally...
I'm having trouble deciding, to be honest.
Can I name 10?
Eh?!
Let's see...
Hiratechi
(Keyaki46, Hirate Yurina)
Hiratechi?
Yeah, the girl in the center.
(~excited~)
Hiratechi, Watanabe Risa, Watanabe Rika.
(Keyaki46)
Their nicknames are Berisa/Berika.
Oh, Shida Manaka-chan.
(Keyaki46)
And.
Imaizumi Yui-chan.
(Keyaki46)
Okay.
Also, lately the one girl who I've been thinking of maining...
Moriya Akane-chan.
(Keyaki46)
You know, she's really cute!
Very cute.
You all understand, right?
(laughs)
Moriya Akane-san:
Cute.
They call her "Sergeant."
Who else...
Satou Shiori-chan --
(Keyaki46)
Ever since she adjusted her bangs, I've been feeling it.
So cute.
Was that it though?
Ai-chan, do you mind if I stop you there?
-Ai-chan, do you mind if I stop you there
-Eh?
-(laughs)
-Why stop me?
I'm answering the interview, you know?
I appreciate how detailed your answer is, but...
-I appreciate how detailed your answer is, but...
-Okay.
I'm sure among our viewers, there are a number who like idols.
And I'm sure there are many who are impressed.
Like, definitely really wowed, I'm sure.
Let's try to uhhh...
Let's try to bring them closer into this side of the fence.
Here, you say?
Can I say one last thing?
There's still more?!
-(laughs)
Uhh...
During Kuritarou's one-man-live,
(Keyaki46, Suzumoto Miyu)
The part in the dance scene where she goes
BOOM -- that was really cool.
That's all.
Okay. I have no idea what you just said. (laughs)
Please look into it -- google it!
Q: What do you like about idols?
Well, they're just like me.
Still running towards their dreams.
There is that aspect to it.
Like Keyakizaka:
(~excited~)
They were formed just a little over a year ago.
And they're doing their best and all.
So when I look at all their activities,
Wow!
How do I put this? It's like I'm watching over them like a parent.
-How do I put this? It's like I'm watching over them like a parent.
-Ohh, I see.
And seeing the cute girls doing work in variety shows, making music...
Seeing them challenging all sorts of things...
It makes me want to cheer them on too.
And they're super cute.
Oh and the music is great!
And the costumes! They're so good!
They're like no idol we've had before.
The lives are also so great!
Really, they're so amazing!
Right now the third single's out.
So the third single is out.
Normally, you'd open the live with the new song and their debut song, right?
BUT!!
They didn't perform it at the start at all!
They performed those at the very end!
Those three songs.
So the start had them doing really cool dancing.
Like. Seriously.
They have this spirit of originality that no idols have ever had.
Really, I can feel it.
So uhh, I'm pretty sure all of that's gonna get trimmed into a single line that says you love Keyakizaka46.
Everyone, pay attention! Witness how the media manipulates everything!
Wow, uhh...
I didn't expect you to talk this passionately about something.
Q: So CDs -- you're still starting out so I don't know if you have the money, but do you buy a lot of their CDs?
Well, I'm virtual so even if I bought them, I couldn't get to them.
So you buy the download versions?
(laughs)
Of course I buy them -- all of them, in fact.
Amazing!
-Amazing!
-It's only natural.
I want my money to reach the girls that I'm cheering for!
I cut down on food for it -- not that I eat.
So if Ai-chan goods come out, everyone, make sure you buy them!
Buy 'em!
[There's still no goods, but look forward to them!]
I think a URL will show up down here.
If you buy them, I'm sure A.I.Channel would appreciate it.
You're good at sales talk!
Wow uhh, I'm beat.
-You're beat?!
-I'm beat!
Wow, you know with interviews and all,
Normally, I'm supposed to lead the conversation.
Except now it's like I have to find a way to jump into the conversation! Or something.
You still need a lot of practice!
You know I've been doing this for 15 years now.
-You know I've been doing this for 15 years now.
-Fifteen years?!
Ai-chan, you're only 1 month into this, right?
That's right.
You're losing!
Do a better job!
Oh no!
People won't know who's interviewing who.
It's like I'm the one getting interviewed here.
[to be continued]
Sorry, sorry, let me just say something.
Thanks for watching!
Ai-chan is good.